Add staggeraxis and staggerindex. (#262)
mapeditor/rs-tiled: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Support for staggered map. Map now have an `stagger_axis` and `stagger_index` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Support for staggered maps. Maps now have an `stagger_axis` and `stagger_index` property.
```
